feat: Limit of members that can be added using the autojoin feature in a team's channel to the value of the API_Users_Limit setting (#31859)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/clean-moose-cover.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": minor
"@rocket.chat/i18n": minor
---

> Introduced the use of the `API_User_Limit`setting to limit amount of members to simultaneoulsy auto-join a room in a team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced the use of the `API_User_Limit` setting to limit amount of members to simultaneously auto-join a room in a team
```

> This feature introduces the use of the API_User_Limit whenever we set a channel as to be autojoined in a team, so it follows a config value insted of a hard-coded value of 50 (which could look like a bug)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introduced the use of the `API_User_Limit`setting to limit amount of members to simultaneoulsy auto-join a room in a team
```
Sorry for nitpicking, but we usually write changesets in the past tense and keep them small (just so that we have a pattern for the release notes). We have a guide [here](https://developer.rocket.chat/contribute-to-rocket.chat/modes-of-contribution/participate-in-rocket.chat-development/development-workflow#4.-adding-changeset-to-your-pull-request)
